feat(hybridcloud) Add EU region IPs (#9708)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/security/ip-ranges.mdx

## Dashboard and API

> Sentry's dashboard and API are both served from different of domains depending
> on your organization's data storage location. The IP addresses are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry's dashboard and API are both served from different domains, depending
on your organization's data storage location. The IP addresses are:
```

```
sentry.io 35.186.247.156/32
us.sentry.io 35.186.247.156/32

> de.sentry.io 34.36.122.224/32

Reviewer 2: We have two addresses reserved for `de.sentry.io`, to facilitate maintenance/upgrades in the future:
```suggestion
de.sentry.io 34.36.122.224/32, 34.36.87.148/32
```

35.186.247.156/32
```

Sentry's organization subdomains (`o<number>.ingest.sentry.io` and `o<number>.us.ingest.sentry.io`) accept events from a separate IP address:

```
34.120.195.249/32
```

Sentry's organization subdomains in the EU (`o<number>.ingest.de.sentry.io`) accept events from:

```
34.120.62.213/32
130.211.36.74/32
```

Sentry's legacy ingestion hostname (`app.getsentry.com`) accepts events from a separate IP address:

```
34.96.102.34/32
```

> Organizations in the EU Data Storage Location are not able to ingest events via
> `sentry.io` or `app.getsentry.com`. Instead, you must use
> `o<number>.ingest.de.sentry.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organizations in the EU Data Storage Location are unable to ingest events via
`sentry.io` or `app.getsentry.com`. You can use
`o<number>.ingest.de.sentry.io` instead.
```

Sentry uses the following IP addresses to make outbound requests:

> US Region

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
US Data Storage Location
```
Feel free to disagree if region feels better here, I don't feel strongly, but we're referring to them as data storage locations in the rest of our user-facing docs

```
35.184.238.160/32
104.155.159.182/32
104.155.149.19/32
130.211.230.102/32
```

> EU Region

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
EU Data Storage Location
```
